Improve approximate set generation in `qml.ops.sk_decomposition` (#6855)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/releases/changelog-dev.md

* An informative error is raised when a `QNode` with `diff_method=None` is differentiated.
  [(#6770)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/6770)

> * `qml.ops.sk_decomposition` now has an improved approximate set generation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `qml.ops.sk_decomposition` has been improved to produce less gates for some edge cases. This greatly impacts the 
  performance of `qml.clifford_t_decomposition`, which should now produce less `qml.T` gates.
```

* An informative error is raised when a `QNode` with `diff_method=None` is differentiated.
  [(#6770)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/6770)

* `qml.ops.sk_decomposition` has been improved to produce less gates for certain edge cases. This greatly impacts

>   the performance of `qml.clifford_t_decomposition`, which should now give less extraneous `qml.T` gates for them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  the performance of `qml.clifford_t_decomposition`, which should now give less extraneous `qml.T` gates.
```
